Translate Nodejs Course, fixes #100 (#106)
rolling-scopes-school/docs: docs/en/nodejs-course.md

## RS School NodeJS course

The course is dedicated for frontend developers who would like to get familiar with NodeJS and the server side of web application development.

## Prerequisites

Solid knowledge of JavaScript including ES6.

## Course duration

> The course duration is 5 weeks. For self study you'll need from 8 hrs per week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The course duration is 5 weeks. For self-study, you'll need at least 8 hrs per week.
```

## Course content

> During the course progress you'll need to create a CLI application for NodeJS and also a REST server.

Reviewer 2: During the course you'll need to create a CLI application for NodeJS and a REST server.

> In the course will be covered next topics:

Reviewer 2: The next topics will be covered in the course:

> - NodeJS basics, its architechture,environment variables, specifics of working with asynchronious code, interaction with the file system, working with Streams.

Reviewer 2: NodeJS basics, its architecture, environment variables, specifics of working with asynchronous code, interaction with the file system, working with streams.

- Building REST API based on Express framework.

> - Architectural patterns being used during application design process.

Reviewer 2: Architectural patterns used during application design process.

- Working with databases.

> - Configuration, logging and errors handling.

Reviewer 2: error handling.
